-- A FLUFFY LUDUM DARE 43 IDEARS --

Doggo's Inferno
Save The Puppy
Puppy Pillars
Comfy Pillars
Puppy Rescue
Puppy Royale
Battle of the Puppies
Don't Kill The Puppy
Puppy Blaze

6 pillars, each with a randomly-assigned puppy with a hidden chatter name
Each round, viewers can select a pillar to hammer tap(?) to weaken or crumble the pillar (or remove blocks) via Twitch Extension
Last puppy pillar standing wins!




when the puppy falls in the lava everyone should be awarded a "hot dog"

i would change that "everyone should be awarded a hot dog" to "the losers get awarded with a hot dog" so the winner keeps his/her puppy alive but in the end everyone is a winner

at the end of the game we should have a puppy memorial for each of the puppies that "lost" with like an "in loving memory" screen
IN THE ARMS OF THE ANGELS




1. how about a game where u have to sacrifice a part of your character ti keep playing. legs arms etc... it would change the gameplay too
2. What about a game that's completely based on making choices? Each choice you make has a negative effect in some way though, so you have to choose the lesser sacrifice
3. Community boating game
4. NECROMANCER SIMULATOR 2018
5. how about one viewer controls the ennemies and the others try to survive
6. What about a platformer or endless runner game, where you can give the automated player buffs with a chat command but if you do it will time you out for 5 minutes :D
7. how about a game where you are a zombie yourself and have to make tough choices what people to eat in order to survive ? that's kinda grim lol
8. meta idea. You make a game where you are trying to make a game and people in chat can spawn devs to help
9. You're a city planner and have to choose the buildings you're demolishing to redevelop and who you're going to evict.
10. You are working to become a pro gamer and have to choose which college classes to cut in order to have enough time to practice and go pro.
11. delete files on your computer to save a puppy
12. There are multiple platforms. Each player is randomly placed on a platform. You can jump off the platform to make your platform lighter. When a platform reaches the top, that platform wins.